Introduce yourself to Ye Rulong
Ye Jiaxin Ren's family
Murong, what do you mean?
What do you mean?
My good father
I have worked hard in the Ye family for so many years
You have to put the position
Give it to a poor boy who works as a security guard outside
I'd like to ask what you mean.
Goddamn thing
My father
You are old and you can't touch me
I want you to return to your imperial capital obediently
Be your father
Or your son
But it's about to launch the Xuanwu Gate change
You want to rebel
With my permission?
How could I forget you?
Brother Qin Shen, you
I just want to find a puppet to support me
At that time, it will be common to my Ye family's husband's bed
Stop talking nonsense here.
You have always been loyal to your godfather
Hahahaha
It doesn't matter.
I already control half of the board seats
You can't go back even if you come to Nanjing.
Is he still important?
As much as I polish and have wisdom
It turns out that you are the most ambitious
Brother Ru, don't be so serious?
You are my Ye family's child bride
Isn't marrying me your better choice?
And you
It still looks good to smile, you're presumptuous